reference/tools: update dm monitor (#1544)
pingcap/docs: dev/reference/tools/data-migration/monitor.md

| binlog file index | The largest index number of relay log files. For example, "value = 1" indicates "relay-log.000001" | N/A | N/A |
| binlog file gap between master and relay | The number of binlog files in the relay log that are behind the upstream master | An alert occurs when the number of binlog files by which the `relay` processing unit is behind the upstream master exceeds one (>1) and the condition lasts over 10 minutes | critical |
| binlog pos | The write offset of the latest relay log file | N/A | N/A |
| read binlog duration | The duration that the relay log reads binlog from the upstream MySQL (in seconds) | N/A | N/A |
| write relay log duration | The duration that the relay log writes binlog into the disks each time (in seconds) | N/A | N/A |
| binlog size | The size of a single binlog event that the relay log writes into the disks | N/A | N/A |

### Dump/Load unit

The following metrics show only when `task-mode` is in the `full` or `all` mode.

| Metric name | Description | Alert | Severity level |
|:----|:------------|:----|:----|
| load progress | The percentage of the completed loading process of the load unit. The value range is 0%~100% | N/A | N/A |

> | data file size | The total size of the data files in the full data imported by the load unit (including the `INSERT INTO` statement) | N/A | N/A |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| data file size | The total size of the data files (includes the `INSERT INTO` statement) in the full data imported by the load unit | N/A | N/A |
```

> | dump process exits with error | `dump unit` encounters an error within the DM-worker and exits. | Immediate alerts | critical |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| dump process exits with error | The dump unit encounters an error within the DM-worker and exits. | Immediate alerts | critical |
```

> | load process exits with error | `load unit` encounters an error within the DM-worker and exits. | Immediate alerts | critical |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| load process exits with error | The load unit encounters an error within the DM-worker and exits. | Immediate alerts | critical |
```

> | table count | The total number of tables in the full data imported by Loader | N/A | N/A |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| table count | The total number of tables in the full data imported by the load unit | N/A | N/A |
```

> | data file count | The total number of data files in the full data imported by `load unit` (including the `INSERT INTO` statement) | N/A | N/A |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| data file count | The total number of data files (includes the `INSERT INTO` statement) in the full data imported by the load unit | N/A | N/A |
```

> | latency of execute transaction | The duration that `load unit` executes a transaction (in seconds) | N/A | N/A |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| latency of execute transaction | The latency of executing a transaction by the load unit (in seconds) | N/A | N/A |
```

> | latency of query | The duration that `load unit` executes a query (in seconds) | N/A | N/A |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| latency of query | The latency of executing a query by the load unit (in seconds) | N/A | N/A |
```

### Binlog replication

The following metrics show only when `task-mode` is in the `incremental` or `all` mode.

> | Metric name | Description | Alert | Level |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Metric name | Description | Alert | Severity level |
```

| binlog event qps | The number of binlog events received per unit of time (this number does not include the events that need to be skipped) | N/A | N/A |
| skipped binlog event qps | The number of binlog events received per unit of time that need to be skipped | N/A | N/A |
| cost of binlog event transform | The time it takes `syncer` to parse and transform the binlog into SQL statements (in seconds) | N/A | N/A |
| total sqls jobs | The number of newly added jobs per unit of time | N/A | N/A |
| finished sqls jobs | The number of finished jobs per unit of time | N/A | N/A |
| execution latency | The time it takes `syncer` to execute the transaction to the downstream (in seconds) | N/A | N/A |
| unsynced tables | The number of tables that have not received the shard DDL statement in the current subtask | N/A | N/A |
| shard lock resolving | Whether the current subtask is waiting for the shard DDL lock to be resolved; a value greater than 0 indicates that it is waiting for the shard DDL lock to be resolved | N/A | N/A |

## Instance

In the Grafana dashboard, the default name of an instance is `DM-instance`.

### Relay log

> | Metric name | Description | Alert | Level |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Metric name | Description | Alert | Severity level |
```

| fail to write relay log | The number of errors encountered when the relay log writes the binlog to disks | Immediate alerts | critical |
| binlog file index | The largest index number of relay log files. For example, "value = 1" indicates "relay-log.000001" | N/A | N/A |
| binlog file gap between master and relay | The number of binlog files by which the `relay` processing unit is behind the upstream master | An alert occurs when the number of binlog files by which the `relay` processing unit is behind the upstream master exceeds one (>1) and the condition lasts over 10 minutes | critical |
| binlog pos | The write offset of the latest relay log file  | N/A | N/A |
| read binlog duration | The duration that the relay log reads the binlog from the upstream MySQL (in seconds) |  N/A | N/A |
| write relay log duration | The duration that the relay log writes the binlog into the disk each time (in seconds) | N/A | N/A |
| binlog size | The size of a single binlog event that the relay log writes into the disks | N/A | N/A |

### Task

> | Metric name | Description | Alert | Level |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Metric name | Description | Alert | Severity level |
```

|:----|:------------|:----|:----|
| task state | The state of subtasks for replication | An alert occurs when the subtask has been paused for more than 10 minutes | critical |

> | load progress | The percentage of loading completion of `load unit`. The value is between 0% and 100%  | N/A | N/A |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| load progress | The percentage of the completed loading process of the load unit. The value range is 0%~100%  | N/A | N/A |
```
